---
title: Teacher Training at Shamayoga
description:
layout: page
hero-img:
---

## **Y****oga Teacher Training****300hrs****C****ertificated Online and Interactive Yoga Alliance Accredited**
{: .center-this-text}

### Join us on a transformational learning adventure
{: .center-this-text}

Take your love for yoga to the next level through direct and practical online training.

Designed to help you develop as a professional yoga teacher and expand your teaching repertoire.

Set the pace of your own learning and integrate the content with your home practice and teaching sessions.

&nbsp;

### **8****study****categories** **presented in 12 modules**

<div><div><ol><li><strong>Hatha Yoga Pradipika</strong>: In theory and practice, the foundational text and transcendent teachings of the HYP &ndash; the authentic, traditional Hatha Yoga style</li><li><strong>Mind Keys</strong>: A fascinating exploration of yoga techniques, mindfulness and self-hypnosis. Discover tools to master your subconscious mind.</li><li><strong>Six Namaskars</strong>: Original yoga dances, flowing sequenced movements and postures to integrate mind, body, feeling and breath. Accessible to all, dance becomes yoga and yoga becomes dance. Meditations in movement.</li><li><strong>Anatomy &amp; Physiology</strong><strong>- Integrated Body Systems:</strong> Cutting edge approach to transform your yoga practice and your understanding of the body and mind. Covers 12 body systems, including the fascial communication system and tensegrity model, and applied polyvagal theory.</li><li><strong>Subtle Yo</strong><strong>ga</strong>: Deepen your awareness of subtle, pranic energy. Cultivate and unfold the extraordinary yogic potentials. Learn about your energetic anatomy - Chakras, Nadis, Koshas, Vayus, Aura.</li><li><strong>Teaching Skills</strong>: Transform knowledge into experience. Teach asanas safely, including adjustments, timing, transitioning, counterposing, sequencing, contraindications and adaptations. Design and sequence your own classes, workshops and retreats. Explore varying styles and methods of teaching, including a therapeutic framework for teaching yoga one to one. Become a versatile teacher and learn online yoga teaching skills for the 21st century.</li><li><strong>Yoga Philosophy &ndash; Ancient, Medieval and Modern</strong>: Insights into the primary influences at play in Hatha Yoga from Vedic times to Patanjali - Samkhya, Yoga, Tantra, - summed up in Medieval texts such as the Hatha Yoga Pradipika, Shiva Samhita and Gherandha Samhita. Explore contemporary yoga systems, their pioneers and innovators, in relation to the traditions of the past.</li><li><strong>Yoga Business and Marketing Success</strong>: Develop a successful marketing Mindset to launch and boost your business. Follow a clear, stepwise plan to market your business on Facebook, Instagram and YouTube. Top tips and guidance for choosing equipment and using technology.</li></ol><p class="center-this-text">Personal Mastery 60%<br />Videos 12%<br />Audios 6%<br />Quizzes and Activities 4%<br />Live Online with Lead Trainers 18%</p><p class="center-this-text">&nbsp;</p><h3 class="center-this-text"><strong>In our self-paced, interactive </strong><strong>yoga </strong><strong>learning portal you will find</strong></h3><div><div><ul><li>Pre-recorded videos: practices and lectures with expert tuition and demonstration</li><li>Audios: guided relaxations, meditations, mantras, and recorded yoga texts with commentaries</li><li>Course notes including supporting references</li><li>Illustrated, composed PDFs</li><li>Quizzes and activities, digitalised, state-of-the-art tools for individual feedback</li><li>Monthly Zoom (2 hours+) session, to connect with the Lead Trainers on completion of each Module, for practical assessments, Q&amp;A and small group coaching</li></ul><p><strong>You can use any device to access our user-friendly yoga learning portal, including smartphone, tablet, laptop or desktop computer. </strong></p><p><strong>Enjoy lifetime access to the course content. </strong></p><div><div><p><strong>B</strong><strong>onus</strong><strong>es</strong><strong> </strong>*over &pound;300 value &ndash; Free!*</p><p>Free access to extra Shamayoga classes, podcasts, workshops, and webinars<em>.</em><strong> </strong></p><p>A downloadable, original, royalty-free, ambient music album creating the perfect atmosphere for your yoga practice or teaching session.</p><p>Handy links to online resources</p><p>You can join our exclusive Shamayoga YA300 Facebook support community and connect with other students. Yoga is more than a practice. It&rsquo;s a way of life and we are with you all the way.</p><p><strong>Who is </strong><strong>Shamayoga </strong><strong>certificated </strong><strong>300 hrs online Y</strong><strong>oga </strong><strong>T</strong><strong>eacher </strong><strong>T</strong><strong>raining</strong><strong> for</strong><strong>?</strong><strong> </strong></p><p><strong>200 hrs </strong><strong>yoga </strong><strong>teachers</strong>. On completion you will be able to apply for Yoga Alliance for 500 RYT (200 + 300 hrs).</p><p><strong>Experienced </strong><strong>yoga </strong><strong>practitioners</strong>, including those who do not necessarily wish to teach.</p><p><strong>Q</strong><strong>ualified </strong><strong>holistic arts </strong><strong>practition</strong><strong>ers</strong><strong> who are also experienced yoga practitioners</strong> including pilates, dance and martial arts.</p><p><em>Whatever your yoga style and previous training, you are warmly welcomed</em><em>.</em></p><p>Complete the course within 4 months or take up to 3 years!</p></div></div><div>&nbsp;</div><div><div><p>You will have instant access to the training upon purchase, so you may start immediately. Just login to our learning portal and go to step one on the training spiral.</p><p>Set the pace of your own learning by progressing stepwise through the 12 modules of our training spiral. Each module of approximately 25 hours is divided into 8 study categories.</p><p>300 hours Yoga Alliance certification is awarded upon completion.</p><p>Tuition fees: <strong>&pound;</strong><strong>9</strong><strong>0</strong><strong>0</strong> if paid in full</p><p><strong>&pound;</strong><strong>10</strong><strong>6</strong><strong>0</strong> if paid in 4 scheduled installments of <strong>&pound;</strong><strong>265</strong><strong> </strong>every two months</p><p>email for more information <a href="mailto:info@shamayoga.org.uk">info@shamayoga.org.uk</a></p><p>&nbsp;</p></div></div></div></div></div></div>